h1. Google Refine Uploader Extension

This allows you to export datasets from "Google Refine":http://code.google.com/p/google-refine/ and post them as JSON to web servers! Intended for use with CouchDB

**Work in progress!!** more docs soon

h2. Hacking on the codez

* Check out the Google refine source code
* Go into the Refine base directory and run @ant@
* Run @./refine@
* Clone this repo into as the @extensions/uploader@ directory inside Google refine
* In another Terminal window go into the @extensions/uploader@ directory and run @ant@

Every time you change a file in @extensions/uploader@ and run @ant@ from that folder it will build the new extension and reload it in the running instance of Refine

h3. Thanks, Chicago Tribune!

This extension was based on the "Chicago Tribune's Stats Extension":https://github.com/newsapps/refine-stats for Google Refine.

h4. License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Max Ogden

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.